src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:15:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:20:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:20:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:24:	Local variable 'numElevators' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:25:	Local variable 'numFloors' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:36:	Local variable 'sim' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:38:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:38:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:39:	Local variable 'ctrl' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/Bootstrapper.java:40:	Local variable 'view' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:13:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:18:	Parameter 'rmiName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:23:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:23:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:23:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:25:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:34:	Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:34:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:47:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:47:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:47:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:60:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:60:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:73:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '73'-'73').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:73:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:77:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:78:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:78:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:79:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:79:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:80:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:80:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:81:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:92:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:96:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:107:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:107:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:122:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '122'-'122').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:122:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:126:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:127:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:127:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:128:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:128:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:129:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:129:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:130:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:130:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:131:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:142:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:146:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:157:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:161:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:172:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:172:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:176:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:187:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:187:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:191:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:202:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:202:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:206:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:217:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:217:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:221:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:232:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:232:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:236:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:247:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:247:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:251:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:262:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:266:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:277:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:281:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:292:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:292:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:292:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:296:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:307:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:307:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:311:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:322:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/ElevatorSimCommunication.java:326:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorControl.java:15:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorControl.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorControl.java:22:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorControl.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorControl.java:27:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorControl.java:34:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:11:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:12:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:13:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:20:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:31:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:38:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:45:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:51:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:54:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:56:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:58:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:63:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:65:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:72:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:75:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:79:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:86:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:93:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:99:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:105:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:108:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:110:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:111:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:113:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:120:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/IElevatorStatus.java:126:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:24:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mCommitedDirection
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:26:	Private field 'mElevatorAccel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:28:	Private field 'mSpeed' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:30:	Private field 'mWeight' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:31:	Private field 'mFloorButtonDown' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:32:	Private field 'mFloorButtonUp' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:34:	Private field 'mElevatorButton' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:36:	Parameter 'elevators' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:36:	Parameter 'floors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:46:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:46:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:47:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:47:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:81:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:85:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:98:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:98:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:98:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:98:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:98:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:98:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:98:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:98:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:99:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:99:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:99:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:99:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:99:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:99:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:100:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:100:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:101:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:101:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:108:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:113:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:118:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:118:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:123:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:123:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:135:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:146:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:146:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:151:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:151:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:156:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:156:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:161:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:166:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:166:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:171:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:181:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:186:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:186:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:186:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:191:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:191:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:196:	Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:196:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:202:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:202:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:202:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:202:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:207:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:207:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:207:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulator.java:212:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:11:	The class 'AutoElevatorAlgorithm' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 16).
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:11:	The class 'AutoElevatorAlgorithm' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 16).
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:13:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:15:	Parameter 'ctrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:15:	Parameter 'sys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'curFloor' (lines '20'-'20').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:23:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'curFloor' (lines '23'-'53').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:25:	The String literal "AutoElevatorAlgorithm: got invalid elevator number" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 25
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:26:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:28:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:28:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:30:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:34:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:34:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:40:	The String literal "AutoElevatorAlgorithm: got invalid floor number" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:56:	Parameter 'curFloor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:56:	Parameter 'targetFloor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'direction' (lines '57'-'59').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like up
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:69:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:69:	Parameter 'up' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:69:	The method 'setFloorRequest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:69:	The method 'setFloorRequest' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:75:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:75:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:78:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:82:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:85:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:94:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:94:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:98:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:102:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:105:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:116:	Local variable 'curFloor' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:118:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:118:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:126:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/AutoElevatorAlgorithm.java:130:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:6:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:12:	Parameter 'ctrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:12:	Parameter 'sys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:19:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:24:	Parameter 'control' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:29:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:29:	Parameter 'enable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:30:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorAlgorithm.java:30:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:30:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:30:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:30:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:32:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:33:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:46:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:46:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:47:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:47:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:48:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:48:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:50:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:50:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:52:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:52:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:53:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:53:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:55:	Parameter 'control' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:55:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:63:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:74:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:84:	Parameter 'autoMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:84:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'eleView' (lines '86'-'94').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:86:	Local variable 'eleView' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:91:	Local variable 'floorView' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:102:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:102:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:103:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:103:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:103:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:115:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:115:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:115:	Parameter 'isServiced' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:134:	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:139:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:139:	Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:139:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:141:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:141:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:142:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sys' (lines '142'-'173').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:142:	Local variable 'sys' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:143:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:148:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:156:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:156:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:157:	Local variable 'elev' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:158:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:164:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:178:	Parameter 'elev' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:179:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:179:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:180:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:180:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:180:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:180:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:196:	Parameter 'sys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:197:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:197:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:198:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:198:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:198:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:198:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:213:	Parameter 'elev' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:214:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:214:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:216:	Local variable 'eleView' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:228:	Local variable 'floorView' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:230:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'moveStatus' (lines '230'-'235').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'elevatorStatus' (lines '231'-'234').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'elevatorStatus' (lines '231'-'237').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'elevatorStatus' (lines '231'-'242').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'elevatorStatus' (lines '234'-'242').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:236:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:236:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:237:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'elevatorStatus' (lines '237'-'242').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:241:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:259:	Parameter 'sys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:260:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:260:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:264:	Local variable 'floorView' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:264:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:266:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ElevatorControlCenter.java:267:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:8:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:9:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:10:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IControl.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:15:	Avoid variables with short names like up
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/IElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:22:	Parameter 'ctrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:22:	Parameter 'sys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:27:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:27:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:28:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:28:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:28:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:28:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:28:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:28:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like up
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:49:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:49:	Parameter 'up' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:50:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:50:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:50:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/controller/ManualElevatorAlgorithm.java:50:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:13:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:26:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mAcceleration'
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:29:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mFloor'
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:30:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mPosition'
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:31:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mSpeed'
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:32:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mTargetFloor'
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:33:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mWeight'
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:37:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:37:	Parameter 'capacity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:37:	Parameter 'floors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:37:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:50:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:72:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:98:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:118:	Parameter 'acceleration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:118:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:125:	Parameter 'buttonStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:125:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:125:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:133:	Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:133:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:140:	Parameter 'doorstatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:140:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:147:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:147:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:155:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:155:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:162:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:162:	Parameter 'servicesFloors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:162:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:170:	Parameter 'speed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:170:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:177:	Parameter 'targetFloor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:177:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:185:	Parameter 'weight' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/Elevator.java:185:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorException.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorException.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorException.java:11:	Private field 'mElevator' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorException.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorException.java:13:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorException.java:13:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorException.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorException.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:19:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:19:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:19:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:30:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:30:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:40:	Local variable 'capacity' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:41:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:49:	Local variable 'pTask' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:55:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:58:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:75:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:81:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:82:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:82:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:82:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:82:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:88:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:91:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:97:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:100:	Avoid variables with short names like up
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:100:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:100:	Parameter 'up' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:104:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:119:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:119:	Parameter 'pressed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:119:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:120:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:120:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:120:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:120:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:120:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:120:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:127:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:127:	Parameter 'pressed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:127:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:128:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:128:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:128:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystem.java:128:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/FloorException.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/FloorException.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/FloorException.java:12:	Private field 'mFloor' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/FloorException.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/FloorException.java:14:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/FloorException.java:14:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/FloorException.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/FloorException.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:11:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:12:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:17:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:20:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorModel.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SYSTEM_PROPERTY_CHANGED
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_PROPERTY_CHANGED
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:16:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:18:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like up
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/IElevatorSystem.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:18:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:18:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:18:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:22:	Private field 'mTimer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:24:	Document empty constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:24:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:24:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:27:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:27:	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:52:	Local variable 'elevator' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:74:	Parameter 'sys' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:79:	Parameter 'period' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/PollingTask.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:16:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:16:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:16:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:18:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:24:	Private field 'mType' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:25:	Private field 'mControl' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:26:	Private field 'mElevatorNum' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:27:	Private field 'mFloorNum' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:37:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:41:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:41:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:46:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:46:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:51:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:51:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListener.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_BUTTON_PRESSED
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:30:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_BUTTON_RELEASED
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:31:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:36:	Private field 'mFloorsPane' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:46:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'NUMBER_ELEVATOR' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:46:	Private field 'NUMBER_ELEVATOR' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:46:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:46:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'NUMBER_ELEVATOR' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mElevatorButtonPanel
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:51:	Private field 'mElevatorButtonPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:56:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:56:	Private field 'mTextPosition' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:57:	Private field 'mTextPayload' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:58:	Private field 'mTextSpeed' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:59:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:59:	Private field 'mTextAcceleration' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:64:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:64:	Private field 'mModeButton' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:65:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'separator_1' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:65:	Perhaps 'separator_1' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:65:	Private field 'separator_1' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:66:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:66:	Perhaps 'lblFeet' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:66:	Private field 'lblFeet' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:67:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:67:	Perhaps 'lblNewLabel' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:67:	Private field 'lblNewLabel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:68:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:68:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lblNewLabel_1' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:68:	Perhaps 'lblNewLabel_1' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:68:	Private field 'lblNewLabel_1' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:69:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:69:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lblNewLabel_2' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:69:	Perhaps 'lblNewLabel_2' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:69:	Private field 'lblNewLabel_2' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:76:	Avoid variables with short names like on
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:76:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:76:	Parameter 'on' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:94:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:96:	Local variable 'floor' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:97:	Local variable 'gbc' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:111:	Local variable 'label' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:112:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:127:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:127:	Parameter 'floors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:127:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:127:	The constructor with 2 parameters has an NCSS line count of 164
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:132:	Local variable 'gridBagLayout' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:141:	Local variable 'separator' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:142:	Local variable 'gbc_separator' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:142:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_separator' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:152:	Local variable 'gbc_panel' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:152:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_panel' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:161:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:162:	Avoid variables with short names like gl
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:162:	Local variable 'gl' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:167:	Local variable 'gbc_separator_1' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:167:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_separator_1' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:176:	Local variable 'lblPosition' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:177:	Local variable 'gbc_lblPosition' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:177:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblPosition' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:188:	Local variable 'gbc_textPosition' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:188:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_textPosition' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:197:	Local variable 'gbc_lblFeet' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:197:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblFeet' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:204:	Local variable 'lblSpeed' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:205:	Local variable 'gbc_lblSpeed' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:205:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblSpeed' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:216:	Local variable 'gbc_textSpeed' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:216:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_textSpeed' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:225:	Local variable 'gbc_lblNewLabel_2' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:225:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblNewLabel_2' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:232:	Local variable 'lblPayload' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:233:	Local variable 'gbc_lblPayload' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:233:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblPayload' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:244:	Local variable 'gbc_textPayload' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:244:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_textPayload' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:253:	Local variable 'gbc_lblNewLabel' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:253:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblNewLabel' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:260:	Local variable 'lblAcceleration' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:261:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gbc_lblAcceleration
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:261:	Local variable 'gbc_lblAcceleration' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:261:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblAcceleration' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:268:	Local variable 'scrollPane' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:278:	Local variable 'gbc' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:293:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gbc_textAcceleration
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:293:	Local variable 'gbc_textAcceleration' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:293:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_textAcceleration' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:302:	Local variable 'gbc_lblNewLabel_1' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:302:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblNewLabel_1' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:310:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gbc_tglbtnAutoMode
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:310:	Local variable 'gbc_tglbtnAutoMode' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:310:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_tglbtnAutoMode' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:327:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:333:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '333'-'337').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:333:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:333:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:335:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:339:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:339:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:339:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:341:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:349:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:349:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:355:	Parameter 'acc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:355:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:361:	Parameter 'payload' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:361:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:367:	Parameter 'speed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:367:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:373:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:373:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:373:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:379:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:379:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:379:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:385:	Avoid variables with short names like on
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:385:	Parameter 'floorNum' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:385:	Parameter 'on' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:385:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:387:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:387:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:387:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:387:	Useless parentheses.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:389:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPanel.java:389:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_ELEVATOR_OPENED
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:25:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_ELEVATOR_OPENING
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:26:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_ELEVATOR_CLOSED
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:27:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_ELEVATOR_CLOSING
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:28:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_ELEVATOR_TARGET
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:29:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_ELEVATOR_OUT_OF_ORDER
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:30:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:35:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:36:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:37:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_FLOOR_BTN_UP_OFF
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:42:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_FLOOR_BTN_UP_ON
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:43:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_FLOOR_BTN_DOWN_OFF
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:44:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SRC_FLOOR_BTN_DOWN_ON
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:45:	This final field could be made static
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:50:	Private field 'chckbxServiced' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:55:	Private field 'mElevatorImage' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:60:	Private field 'mMovingImage' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:65:	Private field 'mFloorUp' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:70:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:70:	Private field 'mFloorDown' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like mFloorButtonStates
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:75:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:80:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:80:	Private field 'mCallButton' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:85:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:90:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:100:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:109:	Avoid variables with short names like on
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:109:	Parameter 'on' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:115:	Parameter 'elevatorStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:170:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:176:	Parameter 'moveStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:176:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:212:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:218:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:218:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:218:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:224:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:224:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:224:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:230:	Parameter 'btn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:230:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:230:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:267:	Parameter 'btn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:267:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:271:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:275:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:289:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:289:	Parameter 'floorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:293:	Local variable 'gridBagLayout' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:300:	Local variable 'lblFloorNumber' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:302:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gbc_lblFloorNumber
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:302:	Local variable 'gbc_lblFloorNumber' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:302:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblFloorNumber' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:314:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gbc_lblElevatorImage
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:314:	Local variable 'gbc_lblElevatorImage' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:314:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblElevatorImage' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:325:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gbc_lblUpDownImage
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:325:	Local variable 'gbc_lblUpDownImage' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:325:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_lblUpDownImage' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:333:	Local variable 'gbc_mCallButton' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:333:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_mCallButton' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:343:	Local variable 'gbc_mFloorUp' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:343:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_mFloorUp' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:351:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gbc_chckbxServiced
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:351:	Local variable 'gbc_chckbxServiced' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:351:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_chckbxServiced' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:361:	Local variable 'gbc_mFloorDown' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:361:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'gbc_mFloorDown' is not final.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:373:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:373:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:373:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:379:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:379:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:379:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:385:	Avoid variables with short names like on
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:385:	Parameter 'on' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:385:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:391:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanel.java:391:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:28:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:35:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:42:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:50:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:58:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:65:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:72:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IElevatorView.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like on
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:32:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:40:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:48:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:55:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:63:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like on
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:71:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:78:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:83:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:91:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:99:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:107:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:107:	Avoid variables with short names like on
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:112:	A getX() method which returns a boolean should be named isX()
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:112:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:120:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_STATUS_CLOSED
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:120:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:120:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_STATUS_CLOSING
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:121:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:121:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:121:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:122:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_STATUS_OPENED
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:122:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:122:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:122:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:123:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_STATUS_OPENING
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:123:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:123:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:123:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:124:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_STATUS_AWAY
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:124:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:124:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:124:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_STATUS_TARGET
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:125:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:125:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:125:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:126:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_STATUS_OUT_OF_ORDER
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:126:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:126:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:126:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:134:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:134:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:135:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:135:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:135:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MOVE_STATUS_STANDING
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:136:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:136:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:136:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:137:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:137:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:137:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:142:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:142:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:143:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:143:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IFloorView.java:143:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IMainView.java:13:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IMainView.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IMainView.java:14:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IMainView.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IMainView.java:15:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/IMainView.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:23:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:23:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:23:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:30:	Private field 'mElevatorPane' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:31:	Perhaps 'mMainPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:31:	Private field 'mMainPanel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:32:	Private field 'mLblStatus' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:34:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:34:	Parameter 'control' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:34:	Parameter 'numElevators' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:34:	Parameter 'numFloors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:34:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like gl
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:48:	Local variable 'gl' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:52:	Local variable 'glb' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:58:	Local variable 'gbc' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:63:	Local variable 'gbcStatusBar' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:67:	Local variable 'mStatusPanel' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:68:	Local variable 'flowLayout' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:87:	Parameter 'control' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:89:	Local variable 'eleView' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:90:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:90:	Local variable 'mbl' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:95:	Local variable 'floorView' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:97:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:97:	Local variable 'cbl' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:98:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:98:	Local variable 'sbl' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:107:	Parameter 'floors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:107:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:108:	Local variable 'pane' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:114:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '114'-'118').
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:114:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:116:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:120:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:120:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:122:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:130:	Parameter 'statusText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainView.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:9:	Private field 'controller' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:11:	Parameter 'controller' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:15:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:15:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:18:	Local variable 'controller' could be declared final
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:21:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:22:	Local variable 'client' could be declared final
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:27:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:28:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:33:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:35:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:37:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:38:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:39:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:41:	System.out.print is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:43:	System.out.print is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:45:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:46:	System.out.print is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:48:	System.out.print is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:50:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:53:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:54:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:55:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:56:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:57:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:58:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:59:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:60:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:61:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:62:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:63:	System.out.print is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:65:	System.out.print is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:67:	System.out.println is used
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:74:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:76:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:76:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sleepTime' (lines '76'-'121').
src/sqelevator/ElevatorExample.java:78:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:3:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:7:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:11:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:12:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:13:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:14:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:16:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:17:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:19:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:21:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:25:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:26:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:28:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:31:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:39:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:40:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:41:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:43:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:45:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:46:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:47:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:48:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:50:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:51:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:54:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:58:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:59:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:60:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:62:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:63:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:64:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:65:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:66:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:67:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:69:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:70:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:79:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_DOORS_OPEN
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:79:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_DOORS_CLOSED
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:81:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:83:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_DOORS_OPENING
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:83:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_DOORS_CLOSING
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:85:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_DIRECTION_UP
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:88:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:90:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_DIRECTION_DOWN
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:90:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like ELEVATOR_DIRECTION_UNCOMMITTED
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:92:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:95:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:96:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:97:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:99:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:104:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:107:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:113:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:115:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:118:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:120:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:122:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:129:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:135:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:138:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:140:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:142:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:147:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:149:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:156:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:159:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:163:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:170:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:177:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:183:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:189:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:192:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:194:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:195:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:197:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:204:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:207:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:211:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:214:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:217:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:219:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:226:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/sqelevator/IElevator.java:232:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/AllTests.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/CommunicationTests.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:14:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:34:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:42:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:42:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:42:	Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:82:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:98:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:114:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:139:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:157:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:162:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:162:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:171:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:180:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:187:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:187:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/communication/SimpleElevatorSimulatorTest.java:196:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:14:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'NUM_ELEVATORS' is not final.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:14:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:14:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'NUM_ELEVATORS' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:17:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CommitedDirection' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:18:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Doorstatus' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:19:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ElevatorAccel'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:19:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ElevatorAccel' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:20:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'Floor'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:20:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Floor' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:21:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'Position'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:21:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Position' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'Speed'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:22:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Speed' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:23:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'Target'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:23:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Target' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:24:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'Weight'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:24:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Weight' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:25:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'FloorButtonDown' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:26:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'FloorButtonUp' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:27:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ServicesFloors' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:28:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ElevatorButton' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SetCommitedDirection
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:30:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SetCommitedDirection' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:31:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SetServicesFloor' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:32:	Field SetTarget has the same name as a method
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:32:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SetTarget' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:34:	Parameter 'capacity' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:34:	Parameter 'floors' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:34:	Parameter 'height' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:34:	Parameter 'period' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:55:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:60:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:65:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:65:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:70:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:75:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:85:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:90:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:95:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:100:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:105:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:105:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:110:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:125:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:125:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:130:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:130:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:135:	Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:135:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:140:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:140:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:140:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:145:	Parameter 'elevatorNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:145:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorConnectionTestShunt.java:150:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:14:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:15:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:18:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:19:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:28:	Parameter 'classes' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:28:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like f
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:29:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:39:	The String literal "No floor exception thrown" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 39
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:41:	The String literal "Floor 4 is invalid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 41
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:46:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like f
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:53:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:70:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:77:	Avoid variables with short names like f
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:77:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:83:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like f
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:90:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:96:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:103:	Avoid variables with short names like f
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:103:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorExceptionTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:17:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:18:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:19:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:20:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:21:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:22:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:24:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:27:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:28:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:29:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:30:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like o
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:52:	Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:52:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:59:	Document empty method
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:59:	Parameter 'period' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:67:	Parameter 'changed' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:67:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:72:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:74:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:77:	Local variable 'elev' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:80:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:81:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:86:	Parameter 'elev' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:102:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'observer_expected' is not final.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:102:	Parameter 'num' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:102:	Parameter 'observer_expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:112:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'observer_expected' is not final.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:112:	Parameter 'observer_expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:113:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:117:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:119:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:120:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:124:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:125:	Use assertTrue(x)/assertFalse(x) instead of assertEquals(true, x)/assertEquals(false, x).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:131:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:140:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:178:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:201:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:215:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:234:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:249:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:264:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:274:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:285:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:304:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:304:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:321:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:321:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:338:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:357:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'getProtectedMethod(Class,String,Class...)'.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:357:	Parameter 'classes' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:357:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:357:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:358:	Avoid variables with short names like f
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:358:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:364:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:364:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:368:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:373:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:373:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorSystemTest.java:377:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:23:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:24:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:26:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:27:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:28:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:31:	Private field 'mElev' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:38:	Parameter 'classes' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:38:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:39:	Avoid variables with short names like f
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:39:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:45:	Avoid variables with short names like o
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:45:	Parameter 'arg' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:45:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:54:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:68:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:82:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:96:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:110:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:124:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:124:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:138:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:152:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:166:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:166:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ElevatorTest.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/model/ModelTests.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like controlModeElevator
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'controlAutoMode'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like callRequestElevator
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:33:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setServicedFloorElevator
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setServicedFloorFloor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like setServicedFloorEnabled
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:35:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'setServicedFloorEnabled'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:38:	Parameter 'autoMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:38:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:44:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:44:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:50:	Parameter 'elevator' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:50:	Parameter 'floor' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:50:	Parameter 'isServiced' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:57:	Document empty method
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:60:	Document empty method
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:60:	Parameter 'view' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:63:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like l
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:64:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:67:	Local variable 'btn' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:82:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:83:	Avoid variables with short names like l
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:83:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:86:	Local variable 'btn' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:101:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:101:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like l
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:102:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorButtonListenerTest.java:105:	Local variable 'btn' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:13:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:14:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_BUTTON_PRESSED
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:18:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_BUTTON_RELEASED
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:19:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:28:	Local variable 'elevatorPanel' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:36:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:47:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:57:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:64:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:81:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:96:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneElevatorButtonTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:25:	Local variable 'elevatorPanel' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:33:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:43:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:45:	Avoid variables with short names like al
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:45:	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:56:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:58:	Avoid variables with short names like al
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:58:	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:59:	Local variable 'al2' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:76:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like al
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:78:	Local variable 'al' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:79:	Local variable 'al2' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:96:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:96:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:98:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ButtonStatus'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:98:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:98:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ButtonStatus' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:99:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'ActionCounter'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:99:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:99:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ActionCounter' starts with uppercase character.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:99:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like e
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:102:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneModeButtonListenerTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:14:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:15:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:16:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:32:	Local variable 'elevatorPanel' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:40:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:51:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:51:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:54:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:54:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:63:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:66:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:66:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:75:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:78:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:78:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:87:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:90:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:90:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:98:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:108:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:108:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:118:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:128:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:138:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:148:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:150:	Avoid variables with short names like v
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:161:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ElevatorPaneTest.java:163:	Avoid variables with short names like v
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:20:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mActionCounter'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:30:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:30:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:32:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:32:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:39:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like l
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:41:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:44:	Avoid variables with short names like e
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:44:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:60:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like l
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:62:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like e
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:65:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelCallButtonTest.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:13:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_ELEVATOR_OPENED
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:17:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_ELEVATOR_OPENING
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:18:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_ELEVATOR_CLOSED
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:19:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_ELEVATOR_CLOSING
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:20:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_ELEVATOR_OUT_OF_ORDER
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:21:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_ELEVATOR_TARGET
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:22:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:35:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:37:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:37:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:45:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:49:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:49:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:73:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:73:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelElevatorStatusTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:13:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_FLOOR_BTN_UP_OFF
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:17:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_FLOOR_BTN_UP_ON
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:18:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_FLOOR_BTN_DOWN_OFF
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:19:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_FLOOR_BTN_DOWN_ON
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:20:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:34:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:34:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:36:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:36:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:42:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:42:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:44:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:44:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:50:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:61:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:61:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:74:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:74:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelFloorButtonTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:13:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_MOVE_STATUS_UP
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:17:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_MOVE_STATUS_DOWN
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:18:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FILENAME_MOVE_STATUS_STANDING
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:19:	This final field could be made static
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:32:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:34:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:34:	Useless parentheses.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:42:	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:46:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:46:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:61:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:61:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelMoveStatusTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:17:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:33:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:43:	Document empty method
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:46:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:53:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:64:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'mActionCounter'
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:64:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:68:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like l
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:70:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like e
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:73:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:82:	Avoid variables with short names like t
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:82:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:94:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:96:	Avoid variables with short names like l
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:96:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like e
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:99:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:108:	Avoid variables with short names like t
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/FloorPanelServicedTest.java:108:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:13:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like c
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:29:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:39:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/MainViewTest.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ViewTests.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
test/at/fhhagenberg/sqe/project/sqelevator/view/ViewTests.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
